Noah Wealth Operation Executive China, SH 2022/03-current KYC:
1. Account opening approval: Responsible for the approval of opening fund and securities accounts overseas (Hong Kong or Singapore ) by NON-PI, PI, legal persons and institutional clients, including the review of AML the anti-Money Laundering, World Check, W-8Ben(tax return), and CRS(personal Self-certification Form). Ensure its integrity and compliance.
2. Maintenance information: review and approve account information change with customer for PI upgrade, certification, review and other materials.
3. Formulating operation guidelines for account opening approval: Responsible for sorting out and formulating operation guidelines for account opening and information change, ensuring the standardization of the approval process, and improving the approval efficiency by 90%.
System test acceptance:
1. Sorted out requirements: sorted out the details that need to be improved in daily approval and proposed the requirements to the product team.
2. Business acceptance test: responsible for the subsequent requirements docking and analysis, business testing, parameter setting and maintenance of relevant systems to ensure the successful completion of the test and the normal launch of the system.
APP side maintenance:
1. Put on shelves and maintain information: prepare account opening guide process, fund, securities trading rules, stock transfer and other sections, put them on the APP and maintain them regularly.
2. Organized and led 4 member team to prepare operation manuals such as client APP account opening guide, NON-PI, PI upgrade and PI review, kept close communication with the compliance team, fully adopted the compliance opinions, and ensured the accuracy and compliance of the contents of the publicity and promotion materials. Customer use of motion sensation and satisfaction increased by 80%.
  
Intern Experience
Noah Wealth Operations Center China, SH 2021/12–2022/03 • KYC:
Account opening review: Responsible for the account opening approval of NON-PI individual customers who open overseas fund and securities accounts online and offline, and complete within an average of 1 hour to ensure their compliance, including the relevant requirements of the company and local supervision 5-6 household approval work.
• Compilation of regulatory review materials:
Including but not limited to collecting information from the company's financial reports, official website, and public websites, writing GSM business application materials, quickly completing the final draft within 1 hour and passing the China Securities Regulatory Commission (Shanghai) review at one time, and obtaining the GSM business qualification, rapidly improve the progress of the entire business chain.
Everbright Securities Sales Department China, SH 2020/11 - 2020/12
• Data analysis:
Participate in analyzing the cash flow characteristics of about 20% of client funds within one month to formulate and adjust their management plans for clients.
• Material writing:
Assist the general manager to complete the speech writing within 2 hours, which was highly praised by the general manager.
Rodl&Partener Finance Department China, SH 2020/06 - 2020/11
• Financial report preparation and reporting: Assist in the preparation of quarterly financial statements; complete the declaration task of 5 client statements within 5 hours.
• Creation of vouchers: 60 expense vouchers were prepared in half an hour with an accuracy rate as high as 99%.
• Data analysis: Flexible use of Excel functions for modeling to solve large batches of data matching work (VLOOKUP function) has increased the team's efficiency by 80%.
Project Experience
PE/VC Business Proposal Leader University of Reading UK 2019/10 - 2020/04 Team management: Organize 6 people to conduct internal and due diligence on financing companies, and analyze company finance and other related activities, and reasonably match and coordinate task division, and complete the 5,000-word report on time.
Project results: The professionalism, accuracy and efficiency of the report successfully obtained financing needs for the company.
Campus Experience
2019 Sunset and Morning Science and Technology Helping the Elderly
Participate in the volunteer service work of teaching the elderly living alone to use electronic smart products.
   
Learning Experience   2019/06 - 2019/07
Python: Use your spare time to learn to use the Pandas library on Jupyter notebook to perform statistical analysis on stock data.
Skills/Interests
Computer: Proficiency in using Office software (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).
Language: Proficient in written English.
Data: Simply use Bloomberg, Wind; R, Python (Pandas) for data statistical analysis; SQL. Interests: Guzheng (level 8); fitness (4 years); singing (a common way to relieve stress); playing badminton.
Certificate: Pass the first 5 ACCA exams during school.
